Today we will talk about mission,
vision and values.
The first thing I will do
is briefly define each of the concepts.
Mission determines what you do, what
you dedicate to, what your purpose
is, what your reason for being.
The vision that it does is to define
where we want to get, always starting
from the mission, which is what
we do or our purpose is worth,
but starting from that purpose,
what is what we want to, where
we want to get in the future,
what we want to have an impact on.
And finally, values are the
beliefs or principles that
should permeate absolutely
all decisions on which we have
to build the company, what
we believe in.
Well, mission, mission and values
are considered in many cases
to be very theoretical concepts
and that really do not have a
practical impact on a company,
etc.
And that is an error.
Why is?
Because, by pure common sense, an
organization that has very clear
what it is dedicated to, where it
wants to get, an organization that
has some principles and that also
lives in accordance with them, because
it starts with a much more solid
base to build absolutely
everything.
That is, mission, mission and
values are the basis of the strategy.
They are the basis on which
strategic goals must
be defined, on which plans must
be defined, really on which
absolutely all decisions
taken on a daily basis
must be defined.
We could summarize it as that mission,
mission and values should be a guide
that every company has and
to which it may turn from time
to time.
By the way, it is proven that companies
that have very clear their mission,
mission and values, not only
have it clear, but also have
shared it with the entire organization,
that they have achieved
that the entire culture of
the organization is
impregnated by these principles,
because they basically work
better, get better results.
But it is that we will take it to a
personal level, because I am sure you
are with me that if a person
has very clear what he is engaged
in or what he does, what is his
mission, what are his goals, what
are his principles and lives according
to those principles, he is consistent
with them, systematically,
that people get further,
yes or yes.
And the opposite, which happens
to very many companies and very many
people, is to be untouched, to give
downstairs, etc.
Well, in reality, what is
happening?
Well, because the reality is that
the big companies all have
worked their mission, mission
and values, but basically in
many cases what they have done
has been simply writing them, in
many cases they are accessible
on the web page, etc.
But of course, if you only write it and
it does not transcend the organization,
it is not worth anything, it has
no practical effect.
In many cases, small
have never been able
to do so.
It is true that sometimes leaders
can have the mission, mission and
values more or less clear in their
head, innately, it may be, but
what we always recommend is that
in addition to working it, reflect
on them, write it, it will help
you to consolidate them, it will
help you to have a course,
it will help you to have
a guide.
Now we will go deeper into each of
them, mission, mission and values,
and we will relate it to the
case of The Power MBA.
The goal, what we want is to
visualize what the impact
in practice, in the real life
of companies of having worked
the mission, vision and
values.
And we start with the mission, which,
as I told you, in the mission what
we do is to define what we do, what
is our reason for being, what we
dedicate ourselves to and why it is
important to have worked the mission.
There are many reasons, but we can highlight
three.
One, because the first thing, having
very clear what you do and also writing
it allows you to inform the rest
of the world.
It allows you to make it clear to everyone
what you do, everyone who they are,
because they are employees,
they are partners, they can be
your partners, they can be your
suppliers, your customers, etc.
It is easier if you have very clear
what you are doing, communicate
it to the outside.
Two, when the mission of
a company, when your purpose is
very clear, this helps to inspire
you within the organization,
since employees, managers,
etc., are able to develop
new proposals within
that mission.
That is, the mission can be
inspiring to create more value.
Third, the mission helps us
make decisions.
Let me give you an example,
the Power MBA case.
What is our mission?
Well, our mission is to help thousands
of people acquire the business
knowledge that we consider
to be key to growing
professionally.
And we do so by starting from a few
principles and it is that our students
do not have to compromise their
rhythm of life or their finances.
This is our mission.
Well, all entrepreneurs are pressing
us thousands of opportunities to
grow and we are always at risk
of losing focus.
And the mission helps us to be clear
about what we are doing.
In this case, we could, for example,
create programs using our
methodology and there would
also be synergies.
For example, these programs,
imagine, are an example of learning
to program.
We have databases, we have the methodology,
we have the resources, we could
do it perfectly and make money,
but that's not our mission.
We have clearly stated that
our mission is to share knowledge
related to business,
strategy, marketing, etc.
Programming is out of that.
It's an example that I want to
illustrate why, to be very clear
about what we do.
Being very clear allows us to make
the right decisions.
Now, let's go to the vision.
Where do we want to get?
What impact do we want to have?
Well, I think it's common sense
that having very clear goals
always helps us and we go back
to the personal plane.
When you are very clear about what
your vision is, I am convinced that
it is easier for you to
make the effort, to overcome
the barriers, to take the
right steps to reach that vision.
Whether your vision is to quit smoking
or if your vision is to get in shape
or have a happy marriage, well,
the clearer we have the vision,
the easier it will be for us
to take the right steps to it.
In the case of Power MBA, well,
because our vision is to
revolutionize the training
sector in the world.
That is our vision.
We cannot be a profitable
company.
We cannot stay doing the
same as others.
And every time we make strategic
decisions, we make them with
vision in mind.
What we want to is revolutionizing
the education sector
in the world.
So we have to do things differently,
we have to think about the customer,
we have to launch a very aggressive
international expansion
because we want to revolutionize
the training sector
in the world.
It is very important to always be
very clear about your vision.
You will then set strategic
goals at the lowest level.
And finally, let's go to the values,
which is something we love.
Values are those principles you believe
in and that must impregnate
everything you do.
And by the way, I want you to keep
in mind that values are more important
in the corporate world every
day.
In fact, as proof of this, whether
we look at the communications of
the best managed companies or the
largest, they are putting more
and more focus on values.
They are talking less and less
about products, functions, and so on.
What they try to transmit is
to build their proposals from
values, to transmit those values
and that you feel identified
with them.
Why is?
Because basically customers prefer
to buy or prefer brands with
whose values they feel
identified, whose values
they like.
But not just brands, it's that
we act like that in general in life.
You choose people, political
parties, whatever, no matter, products,
as long as you are aligned
with those values.
So the first of the benefits is
that you will sell more, you will
connect better with your customers,
and so on.
But also, values are very important
in attracting and retaining
talent.
It is common sense too.
We all like to work in companies
where we like their
values.
I don't know, transparency,
honesty, and so on.
The opposite is terrible.
If you work in an organization for
a company, whether large or small,
you don't believe in the values
it transmits, you don't believe
in the values on which it is
based, because it's really very
discouraging.
By the way, there's an interesting
reflection here and it's that
values aren't created or written,
that is, this isn't going to say,
well, my values are four
values that sound good.
No, that has no impact.
What is really important is
what is discovered.
Values start, usually in
small companies, from
founders, CEOs, and CEOs
who pass it on to the
entire organization.
And in larger companies, values
are really impregnated
in culture.
And I encourage you to do
the exercise, the diagnosis
of thinking or identifying what
are the main values in your
company or in the company you work for.
And finally, I will share with
you two of the main principles,
values, beliefs that we have at
The Power MBA on which we have
built the company and that we
also try to impregnate
our decisions in the day-
to-day, everything we do.
I will give you two examples.
The goal is to see how the
principles, the values, really
have a practical utility,
which is not just a matter
of writing them or saying them.
The first is absolute
transparency.
We believe that both on a personal
and professional level you will be
better off if you are always transparent
and sincere.
What is this concrete in
our case?
For example, in the relationship
with employees.
Very close, without the caret, without the
role of employed boss.
In the relationship with customers.
We have no problem
and have done so many times.
Sometimes we are surprised to recognize
things we are not doing well.
Be humble and say, well, we haven'
t done it well, but we can improve
and we want your help.
In the relationship with partners,
with the media, with suppliers, etc.
Always seeking absolute
honesty and transparency.
There are also a number of
other principles we want to discuss
with regard to the proposal, as
to how it should be to learn.
In particular, and it is something
that has transcended and that
is the basis almost of our value
proposal, that we want higher-
level learning to be
accessible to everyone.
We don't understand why learning
from the best or learning from business
issues, etc., has to have the
highest costs, has to be for
very few people.
We want it to be accessible
to everyone.
This leads us to fix a price for
programs with the aim of making
them accessible.
And look, it may be a strategy
that isn't the best way
to make money.
Maybe we could make money or be
more profitable with higher
prices, but this is what
we want, so we have to be faithful
to this.
And we also want that if you are faithful
to your principles like we are to
this one, in the medium or long
term you will be much better.